Previously on Dexter: Original Sin...
[Rivas]
Problem?
[Dexter]
Yeah, no blood.
So how'd it go yesterday?
It didn't give me
the feeling I thought it would.
I heard about some party
at Delta Alpha something.
- I'll represent.
- One condition.
You take your brother.
- Where's the keg?
- We can do better.
Deb!
[screams]
[grunting]
[panting]
There was a knife on the bar.
[grunts]
More than anything
in my whole life
I wanted to take that knife.
- [panting]
- Dad?
The next few days
of Harry's hospitalization
were odd.
[Dexter]
Why is my father getting worse?
It's never easy seeing
a loved one in pain.
[Dexter]
I had been hanging around
a real-deal serial killer
all this time.
She also had a Dark Passenger.
Harry saw it, too.
Stop...
her.
[Dexter] I'd been waiting
to hear those words for so long.
[muffled scream]
You've earned yourself
a job offer, D-Money.
A paid internship.
Dexter. Welcome to the first day
of the rest of your life.
♪ whimsical music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
My first day at my first job.
Flush with the glow
of my first kill.
I felt...
- high.
- [Tanya] Hi.
You know, Dr. Rivas told me
you had the best grades
he's ever seen.
[chuckles softly]
Well...
We don't do grades here.
This is
the major leagues, Dexter.
There are major consequences.
You make one mistake,
and a killer goes free.
[Dexter] She was a woman
after my own heart.
You want a tour of Forensics?
[chuckles softly]
I'd love one.
Okay.
Computers, microscopes,
uh, lab supplies,
file cabinets,
fax machine.
Boom. Tour's over.
Uh, where's the rest?
Uh, even my college had
an ion mobility spectrometer.
Welcome to Miami Metro.
We have the highest murder rate
in the country,
and I have to sell a kidney
for a box of pens.
But, good news,
you do get
one of these bad boys.
Have it on you at all times.
- [pager beeps, buzzes]
- I own you now.
[Dexter] I never liked
being kept on a leash.
- Well, put me to work, Boss.
- [scoffs]
Easy, baby tiger.
I need to go follow up
on some autopsy results.
Masuka will give you
the game plan.
[Dexter] One could only hope
my workload would get
more challenging.
Don't touch anything.
[sighs deeply]
What you doing, Dexedrine?
Uh, just not touching anything.
What?
Tanya told me to...
Never mind. Uh, nothing.
I-I'm doing nothing.
Well, she's the boss.
Unless she's gone.
Then you answer to me.
I'm the number two around here.
So, that makes me
the number three?
You're not even a number yet.
[boy grunting]
Let me go, please.
I want to go home.
No.
[whimpering]
Why are you doing this?
[grunting]
No, don't leave me here!
♪ percussive music ♪
♪
[mosquito buzzing]
[knife sharpening]
♪
Those kids of yours
taking good care of you?
- Too good.
- Yeah.
I always thought it would be me
to have the heart attack.
- [Harry chuckles]
- Yeah.
Yeah, listen, I faked it
so I could get a break
from you knuckleheads.
- [Angel] Oh...
- [Bobby laughs]
[Spencer] Hey, if you're still
hungry after that,
I think there's a pudding cup
in the fridge.
- You can have it after your nap.
- [laughter]
Listen, the doc said
I had to give up smoking,
so I had to find something else.
[all]
Ah...
Hey, Sarge, have you heard
about Judge Powell's kid?
No, what?
Reported missing.
Yeah, feels like
a kidnapping, though.
I think it's the cartel.
Powell's put a lot
of those bastards away.
Could be payback.
[Spencer]
You two are now officially
the new leads
on the Estrada case.
Appreciate the opportunity, sir.
Yeah, we'll knock it
out the park.
Damn right you will.
Miami is overflowing
with cocaine.
If we don't get
a handle on this,
we're gonna be in a world
of powdered shit.
Now, the department needs
an informant
who can gain insight
into the Estrada organization.
We've been unable to flip
any of the Colombians, so...
we need a new way in.
Someone who can move up,
get an audience with Estrada.
Exactly,
but it's gonna be dangerous.
Find someone you can trust.
[Clark]
Captain Spencer.
- Yeah?
- Call for you.
I'll take it in my office.
Hey, Dex.
My man.
You hard at work already?
No. I-I was, uh, just--
Hey, so, listen, Harry thought
he was gonna get a doctor,
but Dex decided
to slum it down here
with us chumps instead, huh?
Well, glad to have you, amigo.
I've known this kid ever
since he was watching Scooby-Doo
in his jammies, huh?
[laughs softly]
[Dexter]
And lighting fires.
And killing small animals.
All right, listen up.
We have a drug-related homicide.
Sounds like an NHI, so, uh,
Watt, Batista, Morgan,
it's go time.
Detective Morgan.
Actually, both of you.
[chuckles softly]
Hey, hey.
[Dexter]
What?
You know how I feel
about you working here,
but ever since you...
did the deed,
you seem to be doing great.
So let's think about your
future, all right?
Maybe helping putting
murderers away will be enough.
Like methadone
for a heroin addict.
That's one way to put it.
[Dexter] Though I'm sure most
addicts prefer the real thing.
Excited to see some action?
Oh, you bet.
Uh, can I ask you a question?
- Claro.
- What's, uh, NHI?
It means "no humans involved."
The victim's a human, obviously,
but NHI refers
to certain groups:
prostitutes, drug addicts,
homeless people.
Actually, that sounds pretty bad
when I say it out loud.
♪ "Conga"
by Miami Sound Machine ♪
♪ Come on, shake your body,
baby, do the conga ♪
♪ I know you can't control
yourself any longer ♪
♪ Feel the rhythm of the music
getting stronger ♪
♪ Don't you fight it till you
tried it, do that conga beat ♪
Whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey.
- Official personnel only.
- I'm the new forensics intern.
Yeah, not without
a laminate, you're not.
This is Sergeant Morgan's son.
He's good.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- Thank you.
- No worries.
♪ intriguing music ♪
[Dexter]
My very first crime scene.
♪
It felt like Christmas morning.
And I had been a good boy.
Morgan. Glad you're here.
You and me both.
This is your first
crime scene, right?
- Yeah.
I remember my first.
My captain,
this big macho putz, was worried
that my weak little lady stomach
couldn't handle all the blood.
Ten minutes on the scene, and he
was the one blowing chunks.
I'm tiny but mighty.
And don't you forget it.
I won't.
Good. Now I've got
an important mission for you.
You got something to write on?
Uh, yeah.
I need you to run
across the street
and fetch a bunch of coffees.
We need three black,
one cream and sugar,
and two just sugar.
Hey, you know, your old man's
ticker can't handle caffeine.
Get him a juice box to go
with his lollipop.
Oh, and, hey,
get me a banana bread slice
with chocolate chips in it.
What? I like sweet things.
I'm a sweet guy.
That's not what I heard
from his ex-wife.
[Bobby laughs]
[Dexter] It didn't exactly start
the way I had hoped.
♪ Step by step ♪
♪ Ooh, baby ♪
♪ Gonna get to you, girl... ♪
How do I look?
[chuckles]
Fucking amazing.
Yeah, I'm buying them.
How? They're like 150 bucks.
Fuck you, Scrooge McDuck.
Why'd you let me pay
for your Orange Julius?
Hey, you can thank
my dear, dead Grandma Elisa.
I pawned
one of her old mink coats.
[scoffs]
Your parents let you do that?
No, but ever since
the divorce, they've been
too far up their own asses
to notice anything I do.
My dad and my brother are
so far up each other's asses,
they don't even know I exist.
Mm. Speaking
of your brother's ass,
have mercy.
Dexter?
Listen, up until a week ago,
he was just your cute brother.
But ever since seeing him go
all Karate Kid at that party...?
Oh, these-these
are perfect for you.
Yeah, fucking right.
Need cash? Just do what I did.
I don't think I have
anything I could sell.
I'm sure you can find something
lying around that house.
You'd be surprised what people
don't miss when it's gone.
♪ Hey, girl, can't you see? ♪
♪ I've got to... ♪
♪ lighthearted music ♪
- Uh, Captain?
- [Spencer] Oh, here we go, whoa.
- They didn't give you a tray?
- Oh, no, they ran out.
Oh, you got the banana bread.
Thank you so much.
- Bobby.
- No, no, this is me right here.
- [Spencer] Appreciate that.
- Thanks, Dex.
Masuka.
Thank you.
Detective.
Gracias.
All right, rookie.
It's time to get
your hands dirty.
The checklist.
Skip even one step,
and someone dies.
You.
It's a little homicide humor
to kick off the day.
[chuckles]
Okay.
So, the area's already
been secured.
There were no witnesses.
The next step: documentation.
A lot of rookies
make the mistake
of only focusing on the body.
We need to photograph
the entire scene.
Especially any blood.
Spatter matters.
I prefer the spiral method.
You work perimeter to center.
[fading] I like to start
on the right, head left,
and then back around.
[Dexter]
The body was in full rigor,
meaning the killer had struck
a minimum of eight hours ago.
Decayed incisors.
Definitely a longtime drug user.
Crack. Cocaine. Maybe both.
[Angel] Can somebody bag
that crack pipe?
[Dexter] The killer must
have approached from behind.
The victim startled.
He turned around.
Morgan, you get all that?
The killer was here,
right in front of the victim.
No exit wound.
Must have used
a s-small-caliber pistol.
And when the victim was shot,
his blood spattered
through the entry wound
and onto the ground.
Except... where it hit
the killer.
You see the void?
Where there's no blood?
That's where the killer
was standing.
Batista, come over here.
Morgan, tell Batista
what you just told me.
The killer was standing
in front of the victim
when he shot him.
You see the void
in the blood spatter?
That's where the killer was.
Oye, Captain, Bobby,
get a load of this.
[Spencer]
Yeah.
Okay, Morgan,
tell them your hypothesis.
The killer was right in front
of the victim.
The void in the blood spatter
is where he was standing.
[chuckles softly]
Well, we've got ourselves
a real blue-chipper here,
don't we, boys?
[Bobby] Yeah. I mean,
we would've never known
the vic got shot at close range
except for the gunpowder burn
in the middle of his forehead.
[laughter]
That's enough, guys.
Dex, let me talk to you
for a sec.
Come on.
They're just giving you
a hard time
'cause you're the new guy.
Oh. [chuckles]
Weird, but that's okay.
It's gallows humor.
It's the only way we can deal
with stuff like this every day.
Makes sense. Doesn't bother me.
Good for you.
Now you just got to join in.
You know?
Give 'em a hard time back.
It's like I always taught you.
You got to blend in.
Got it. Blending.
[chuckles]
All right, go get to taking some
of those crime scene photos.
[sighs heavily]
♪ solemn music ♪
♪
Hey. You Joe?
Depends who's asking.
I need an eight ball.
Good Colombian shit.
Y-You that Joe?
Police! Freeze!
Hands up against the wall.
That's it.
- Hands up against the wall.
- [Joe groans]
- No. No.
- [Harry] Don't move.
- Let me see those hands.
- [Joe grunts]
Turn around, put your hands
on the wall. Now.
- [handcuffs rattling]
- [siren wailing]
You all right?
[groans]
- Right there.
- Come on. Let's go, let's go.
- [Joe grunts]
- [Harry] There you go.
Spread 'em. There you go.
[Bobby]
What you got in here?
- [Harry grunts]
- Huh?
- Look at this.
- Ooh, nice.
And bingo.
All right, you're going away
for a long time.
Hey.
Okay, you take Ms. Moser.
We'll meet you
back at the station.
Don't say a fucking word!
- Hey, get in the car, tough guy.
- Fuck you, pig.
[water dripping]
♪ sinister music ♪
[crying]
♪ "La Pastillita"
by Varadero Beach Allstars ♪
♪
[Daniel]
Angel, ¿qué tal?
- What's going on?
- Buenos días.
Daniel, quiero hablar contigo.
- [Daniel] Okay.
- [Angel] Manny, te veo ahora.
Back to work.
♪ singing in Spanish ♪
Hey, Dex, grab a table
while we order.
Oh, uh, you know what you want?
Cubano sandwich.
Ah, buena selección.
Actually, make it, uh, dos.
Dos.
Primo.
- Huh? Primo.
-¿Cómo estás?
Anyone sitting here?
Yeah. I'm saving these seats
for my friends.
Sorry.
[man]
No problem.
[Dexter]
That was the first time
I'd ever really had friends
to save seats for.
It was a strange feeling.
[Vince]
Look alive, intern.
[Angel]
Mira.
- Dex.
- Thank you.
[Vince chuckles]
[Bobby and Angel chuckle]
- Uh-oh, boy genius.
- [Angel] Ah.
Uh, it looks like there's a void
where the meat should be.
Yeah, yeah, but we're gonna
need your expert opinion, okay?
Don't a-void the subject.
[laughter]
These pendejos put me up to it.
Hey, uh, Dex,
this is my cousin Alvaro.
He runs the joint.
Feel free to bring
any complaints to him.
[Alvaro]
Yeah, but if you do, uh,
you'll see how quickly
I "no hablo inglés."
[laughter]
[Angel]
All right.
[clears throat]
Can I get a drumroll, please?
In keeping with tradition
of the celebratory
first crime scene lunch,
I'd like to present your
brand-new Miami Metro laminate.
- [Bobby] Hey.
- [Angel] Epa.
[Bobby]
Look at that. Yeah.
All right.
Hey. That looks good, Dex.
Congrats.
[Dexter] Maybe blending in
wasn't so hard after all.
It must be nice having
that young metabolism, huh?
If-if my wife asks,
I had a salad, okay?
Trying to watch my cholesterol.
Yeah, Bobby.
You look like
you're one bite away
from a myocardial infarction.
[Dexter laughs]
Damn, Dex-Mex.
That's morbid, bro.
Your dad just had
a heart attack.
[Dexter] Okay, maybe
it was harder than I thought.
♪ sinister music ♪
♪
[chains rattling]
Hello?
Can I go home?
I-I promise I-I won't...
Hey!
♪
♪ smooth mid-tempo music ♪
Am I stoned?
What are you talking about?
You never help out.
At least not without me asking
a hundred fucking times first.
Actually, you've been
weirdly peppy lately.
You finally get laid
or something?
[Dexter]
Or something.
Hmm. Good first day at work.
Well...
Homicide looks good on you.
Hmm. Couldn't agree more.
[Deb]
Dinner in five.
You grilling?
- [Deb] You know it.
- Ah.
- [screen door closes]
- Mmm.
So, what do you think? Chicken?
Or will God bless me
with a rib eye?
I don't know, but you
won't get anything
if she finds out
you smoked today.
What are you talking about?
You got a cigarette burn
on your shirt.
- Wasn't there this morning.
- Oh, shit.
[Dexter]
Hey, don't worry.
If anyone knows how powerful
urges can be, it's me.
That's, uh...
I don't think we should compare.
[chuckles]
[door opens]
How was school, sweetie?
Small talk? Pass.
I'll let you get back
to your father-son time.
Fuck-osaurus rex!
Two grown men, and you
can't un-boil water?
I'm sorry.
I-I'll make it up to you with
breakfast for dinner tomorrow.
Sure, 'cause no one's
sick of that.
[Harry sighs]
So, how'd it go today?
- Uh, it was exciting.
- Yeah?
And kind of overwhelming.
But in a good way.
I mean, don't get me wrong,
it's not the same as Nurse Mary.
That was euphoric
and almost...
...indescribable.
But today was good. Yeah.
Really good.
Plus, Miami Metro gives me way
more of a rush than med school.
I guess you were right about
the whole methadone thing, huh?
Sounds like you're
putting all this behind you.
Hey, Deb will kill me
if she finds out I smoked.
So don't tell your sister.
[Deb] Do you know how many
fucking times I've heard
"Don't tell your sister"
in the last year alone?
- You're welcome.
- [Harry sighs]
[grunts]
Looks like you grilled a sponge.
It's tofu kebabs.
What the hell is tofu?
It's soy.
- What the hell is soy?
- It's heart-healthy.
And before you cry about it,
I used your favorite hot sauce
to add flavor.
You could put hot sauce
on dog shit.
It's still gonna taste
like dog shit.
Fine. You can enjoy
a romantic dinner for two.
- Hey.
- [Deb] Fuck me!
[phone ringing]
Morgan residence.
Underappreciated
daughter speaking.
Perfect timing.
[door slams]
This is gonna kill me
way before a steak will.
♪ gentle, inquisitive music ♪
♪
[Dexter] I couldn't stop
thinking about what Harry said.
Was all this behind me?
I hoped a little reminiscing
would keep my urges at bay.
- [whimpers]
- [screams]
[seabirds squawking]
[alarm clock beeping]
Mm.
[sighs]
[grunts softly]
Mm.
♪ somber music ♪
[sighs]
Mm.
[exhales]
[Bobby]
We've been here all night.
Give me something, Joe, okay?
We've got the gun,
we've got the nose candy.
Give me something, name.
I'd rather do time than snitch
for you fucking pigs!
♪ eerie music ♪
[door opens]
There's no way we can
use him to get to Estrada.
[sighs]
There might be another way.
[door closes]
[clears throat]
[exhales]
Let's start with Joe.
Is he your boyfriend?
[sighs]
[smacks lips]
When did you start
dealing coke with him?
Hey.
You're safe.
He can't get to you.
[sighs]
Joe is going to jail.
You don't have to, though.
[sighs]
But you got to talk to me.
Hmm?
[chuckles softly]
Your kid make that?
How old?
[inhales]
I'm sure your kid
is worried sick
about where you are right now.
♪ gentle music ♪
My boys are with a neighbor.
I was supposed
to be home hours ago.
Well...
if we can find a way
to help each other,
I will take you home
to your boys.
Today.
You want the girlfriend
to be your informant?
Well, Joe refused to cooperate.
And even if he did agree,
he's a cokehead.
He's unreliable.
Estrada would never trust him,
but...
Laura, they would never
see coming.
And I know how to use her.
Okay, but this is on you.
I got it.
[Deb]
Yo.
Hey. Good morning.
I just want
to say thank you for, uh,
everything you've been doing
to help out.
I'm sorry about dinner.
I know I should...
include you more.
Whatever.
I'm used to it.
[sighs] I mean,
come on, that's not fair.
Really? 'Cause I'm pretty sure
the most time that we've spent,
just the three of us,
was when you were
in the hospital.
And now, every day is
"Bring Your Son to Work Day."
[sighs]
At least when Mom was here, I...
[exhales]
I had someone.
Look, I know things have been
difficult since your mom...
passed, but...
[sighs]
...we all got to find
a way to move on.
Thanks, Harry.
I'll get right on that.
[sighs]
Well, I, uh...
I got to get to work.
Good talk.
[exhales]
[elevator dings]
[Dexter] I brought
something for my new friends.
Friends, what a concept.
Captain?
I brought veggies for everyone.
That's great, kid.
♪ upbeat music ♪
♪
Detective Watt.
What's this?
I don't actually think
you're gonna die
of a myocardial infarction.
But you said you wanted to lower
your cholesterol, so...
vegetables.
Eh, I sleep like a vegetable.
Detective Batista?
[Dexter] Obviously,
I didn't know how to win over
cops' hearts or stomachs yet.
[clucks tongue]
Hey, Angel.
Would ya come here a sec?
¿Qué pasa, Sarge?
Do you think you could give me
a hand with Dexter?
You know, take him
under your wing a little?
He can be a bit, uh...
Socially awkward?
Yeah, you know,
take him out tonight.
You guys are around
the same age, right?
Show him a good time.
- Be happy to.
- All right.
Oh, uh, should I invite Masuka?
I think he's younger than me.
Mm.
Uh, Masuka's better
in smaller doses.
[groans]
[sighs]
JV Morgan.
Just the victim
I was looking for.
Hustle down to Records.
Pull case files for all possible
drug-related homicides
over the last six months.
And print them, uh,
single-sided.
Paper clips, not staples.
Thank you.
Dexter. As I live and breathe.
- Hey, Camilla.
- Your mom would be so happy
you joined
our Miami Metro family.
She'd be even happier
about that haircut of yours.
- [chuckles softly]
- What you got there?
I brought a veggie plate
for everyone.
Honey,
let me tell you something.
Cops don't eat that shit.
[chuckles]
Here.
Let me help you with that.
So, what brings you by?
It's organized by year
and type of crime.
You should have everything
you need: case reports,
court documents,
witness interviews,
whole shebang.
Shouldn't all this
be transferred
into the computer system?
[laughs softly]
Oh, Lord.
I'll be dead and buried
before all these files
get put into the computer.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Dexter] Miami's
murder solve rate was 18%.
Less than one in five.
So many killers
still on the street.
Free to do it again.
I was a kid in a candy store.
[Torres]
How does the defendant plead?
Not guilty.
Your Honor.
If he's not guilty,
I'm Burt Reynolds.
Hearing nothing further
at this time,
- court is adjourned.
- [gavel bangs]
Don't worry,
this is an open-and-shut case.
The only place that son of
a bitch is going is death row.
I'll see you back at the ranch.
[indistinct chatter]
[Torres]
Detective Morgan?
This about Levi Reed,
Your Honor?
- No. This is personal.
- Oh.
I heard
about Judge Powell's kid.
I was just curious
if Miami Metro has any leads.
Well, it's not my department,
and I'm praying like hell
it doesn't get to Homicide.
I can tell you that I have
heard one working theory.
Cartel?
Unfortunately.
That's all I can tell you,
'cause that's all I know,
Your Honor.
Thank you, Detective.
I hope Jimmy will be home soon.
Me, too.
Can't imagine losing my son.
♪ contemplative music ♪
Doris, I got good news.
Finally got a breakthrough
in the Estrada case.
We got a new inform--
♪
[sighs]
Negative.
I thought we were gonna wait
to look at the results together.
We've been trying for two years.
Maybe God doesn't want us
to replace our baby.
[sighs]
♪ slow, gentle music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[jewelry clatters]
♪ upbeat, mischievous music ♪
♪
Geez, Dex. Anal-retentive much?
[drawer closes]
Jackpot.
30 bucks a tape.
[rattling]
[band playing Spanish music]
♪
[laughter]
[singing in Spanish]
-¿Dos tequilas?
- Oh. Aquí, mami.
¿Un Cubano?
¿Otro Cubano?
- Provecho.
- [chuckles] Gracias.
Oh, wait.
Are you 21?
Sorry. I'm a man of the law.
[exhales]
Ooh.
[coughs]
This place has a completely
different vibe at night, huh?
[band playing Spanish music]
♪
I love this song.
It's impossible not to move.
If you say so.
I don't dance.
Wait. You don't dance salsa,
or you don't dance?
I don't know how.
Levántate.
Hey, as long as you have
a heartbeat, you can dance.
Vamos.
Come on. Just move like me.
Just move like me. Okay?
Forward, two, three.
Back, two, three.
Listen to the music.
Just listen. It's like walking.
You never repeat a step.
Three. Forward, two, three.
♪
[song ends]
[cheering and applause]
Ey, ¿cómo estamos?
- [crowd exclaiming]
-¿Bien?
Como la mayoría
de ustedes saben,
todos los martes por la noche,
tomamos un roncito en honor
de nuestro querido amigo.
- Uh, what's he saying?
- Every Tuesday night,
we do a shot of rum
in Rene's honor.
Por Rene.
[all]
[others cheering]
This one, you should take.
[band playing Spanish music]
♪
- [exhales]
- [Dexter grunts]
- Attaboy.
- Yeah.
[both chuckle]
- [exhales]
Uh, so you knew him? Rene?
Yeah, he used to be
a busboy here. Great kid.
Came over from Cuba in 1980,
with his mother, during Mariel.
Yeah, Rene worked his ass off
trying to scratch out a living
for him and his mom.
But like lots of immigrants,
when they first get here,
he borrowed money
from the wrong guy.
Scumbag named
"Handsome" Tony Ferrer.
Loaned Rene a few thousand,
slapped on a huge vig.
- "Vig," as in interest?
- Claro.
So much that it's impossible
to pay back.
Rene missed a couple
of payments.
Pretty soon, he was in the hole
over 20 grand.
- [exhales sharply] Whoa.
- Yeah.
So, Ferrer goes to Rene's house,
put a gun next to his head,
fired and told him
that if he didn't have his money
by Friday,
the next bullet
was gonna be in his skull.
After Ferrer left,
Rene saw that the bullet
went through the wall
and hit his mom in the head.
She died instantly.
Carla Carballo.
Yeah.
How'd you know that?
I was pulling case files
for Tanya,
and, uh, that one stuck with me.
Because it was so sad.
Yeah.
A week later,
Rene killed himself
at his mother's grave.
The guilt, it was just too much.
And there went your witness.
Yeah.
May they rest in peace.
What about Ferrer?
I hate that Ferrer
is still out there,
preying on my community.
But he's smart and slippery.
And we've never been able
to put him away.
Thank you for sharing.
Yeah.
[Dexter]
It was more enlightening
than he could've
possibly imagined.
♪ dark, suspenseful music ♪
♪
[whimpering]
[chain jangling]
No, no.
[screaming]
[blade slices]
Nice find.
Dude, I love the Oakleys,
but we're indoors.
You look ridiculous.
Don't care.
These babies are da bomb.
Almost as good as mine.
Get them.
What can I do you for?
How much can I get for these?
These earrings are fake.
I can't give anything for them.
Any interest in pawning that?
Um, no, thanks.
I'll give you $200.
- ♪ contemplative music ♪
- All right, $250.
Last, best and final.
♪
Deal.
Deb, really?
Those were your mom's.
- Why don't we just--
- My dad said
that I should move on,
so this is me
moving the fuck on.
Hey, if you don't want
those earrings, can I have them?
Knock yourself out.
[car alarm chirps]
[elevator dings]
[takes deep breath]
♪ upbeat, playful music ♪
Now, that's what
I'm talking about.
You're officially
my favorite Morgan.
Thomas.
- Yeah, thanks.
- [chuckles]
Oh. Lance.
Just one? Enjoy.
Wow, that's the fastest
I've ever seen Bobby move.
[chuckles]
[Dexter]
And there I was,
- blending in.
- Thanks, Dex.
Hopefully, the sugar rush
will cure my hangover.
This is bullshit.
Levi was with me that night.
All night.
Well, too bad it's not
Crackhead Alibiing Her Murderer
Boyfriend Day.
Hey, fuck you!
Okay, Brandi, what day is today?
- Tuesday.
- [scoffs]
It's Thursday.
You think a jury
is gonna trust your memory
of what happened last week?
You're like
a white crayon: useless.
Now get the hell
out of my sight.
- Fuck you, asshole!
- Yeah, you said that already.
Would somebody please
kindly escort Ms. Silvera
back to the streets
she seems to know so well?
Come on, let's go.
Don't touch me.
Have a nice day.
[sighs]
Yeah. All right.
Thank you, man.
♪ contemplative music ♪
Hmm.
♪
Thanks for the ride.
Hey, Laura.
[grunts softly]
Hold on.
[sighs]
Look, I know
it might not feel like it,
but you made the right decision.
Okay? And I'm gonna make sure
nothing happens to you.
All right?
We're in this together.
So the only way it's gonna work
is if we trust each other.
[young Dexter]
Mommy.
Oh, hey.
Um...
Uh, that is my son Brian.
[Harry]
Hey.
And this little angel's Dexter.
[chuckles]
Hello, Dexter.
[Harry chuckles]
♪ dark, eerie music ♪
♪
This was sent
to Judge Powell's house.
The judge's
ten-year-old son Jimmy
has been missing
for over 72 hours.
Now, I want to be clear,
this does not mean
we have a homicide on our hands,
but I still want
our best people on it.
So, first,
let's just I.D. the finger.
[Dexter]
A severed body part.
I didn't understand why
this affected me the way it did.
The print's a match
to the one we pulled
from Jimmy Powell's toy.
[Dexter]
All I knew was
I wanted to kill
whoever did this.
♪ "Man in the Box"
by Alice in Chains ♪
In that moment,
there was nothing more
I wanted to do
than find and kill the person
who harmed Jimmy Powell,
but every cop in Miami
was in pursuit of his kidnapper,
so...
I had to feed my urge
with someone else.
♪
[singer vocalizing]
Hello, "Handsome" Tony Ferrer.
♪ I'm the man ♪
Hey.
♪ In the box... ♪
Picked this up for you.
Thought it might help
with the...
you know.
♪ Buried in my shit ♪
♪ Won't you ♪
♪ Come and ♪
♪ Save me? ♪
- ♪ Save me... ♪
- [Dexter] The truth is,
there was no Nicorette
for someone like me.
♪ Feed ♪
♪ My eyes ♪
- ♪ Can you sew them shut? ♪
- [speaking indistinctly]
[Dexter]
No methadone.
♪ Jesus ♪
♪ Christ ♪
♪ Deny your maker ♪
The Dark Passenger
was rising up.
♪ He who tries ♪
And there was only one thing
I could do about it.
♪ Will be wasted ♪
♪ Oh, feed ♪
♪ My eyes ♪
♪ Now, you've sewn them
shut... ♪
♪
Hello, darkness, my old friend.
♪ slow, dark music ♪
♪